[Music] I
'm seeing something around here
that I don't know if you're
interested, trust me, eh, trust me, I was already
getting a little bit of ZZ, I
was already getting a little bit of ZZ and
this miniature appeared here below and I
say, Hey, I'll watch it with my kids, I'll watch it
with my kids and I just remembered
that I'm going to talk to Luis. Luis is the
Luis dude, I have to order a
miniature for tomorrow that has to be
the [ __ ] bomb, I'll explain it to you later.
Lu is the miniature maker of pipepino, let's
see, right now the
main character's miniatures are in charge of three, Aiden is in charge
and two others are in charge, Alex is in charge okay he
's the guy who does the photo shoots
and Luis also makes some for me, so
depending on the type of miniature that I
have in mind, I'll tell one of
the three of us okay we'll see this or what we'll see
this or what 21 minutes we'll see eh We'll
see if we see the whole thing. J redhead
youtuber who used to be one of the most
famous on the platform became
relevant and now literally Nobody  do you
remember your
existence welcome sir if the
almost in exist already eh you the background eh Hey
well the mushroom has its point eh the mushroom
seems like the typical program of the 90s
eh talking to the camera a little
hodp okay ladies watch this several
Spanish youtubers had a Boom
between the years 2002 and 2013 including
j redhead Who was one of the
most famous creators of his time
however I'm sure you had
forgotten about the existence of this guy
until you saw my video in recommended
and this is because he had a brutal
decline due to making changes to his
content that nobody
really liked I have no [ __ ] idea
why this man disappeared I know the
last we heard from him was like he
was fighting with us not like
with me with I think that the nauter
also threw himself at the Good after
having fought and debated with Dallas
not to release terrible songs and fighting
with dozens of influencers in
stupid ways next we will see the
controversies in which he got into because he fell
into  he forgot did that [ __ ] [ __ ]
of a song looking for the mouth I think
to Auron and Win michu and how he
is currently but the thing is that J
redhead wanted to hit him he wanted to
hit Auro eh Juan Miguel Flores
better known as J red head is a
Spanish youtuber with more than a million
followers who began his career in
2011 and you had a million followers
making this type of white content
You know he is dedicated to making songs and
blogs he used to be one of the
most famous creators in Spain but if you go to
his channel today you will see that he does not
get even 30,000 views per video and he
does not upload anything Almost a year ago and well
more or less the same thing happened to him as to
many old youtubers he got into
thousands of fights and controversies and because of
that everyone started to hate him and he fell into
oblivion But he has a
peculiarity that differentiates him from the
others and now I will tell you the first
controversy in which he was
involved occurred in 2013 when he
fought  with auron Play being this the
oldest gossip on Hispanic YouTube
basically auron dedicated a
video review in which he said that his
songs are garbage His content is
terrible and that he's a hypocrite since he
spends his time saying that television is
[ __ ] while at the same time he
acts in television commercials
some of which have a mega
offer I mean trust you eh they called him
for a television commercial I didn't
know about this one for Yatel I knew about the
Telepizza I mean they always called him for
television commercials that were red or
orange [ __ ] how racist would that be
today eh I mean can you imagine that can you
imagine that today they hire a
black person to advertise black things like
Coca-Cola
eh I mean they only called him for
black things
Coca-Cola the PlayStation 6 but only the
black one can you imagine the one that would be Li the
quality would be somewhat questionable at 20
megabytes and all the calls for
29.95 a month which is 20 megabytes let's see if
you get it and now listen to me but dude  they
called him eh they called him eh listen to me
only half until the end of the
year unfortunately there is no re-upload of
Auron's video since J redhead was
very offended by the things he said to the
point where he accused him of promoting
hate on YouTube he challenged him to a
boxing match to see who was right and
even threatened to sue him for
defamation so Auron Plate
decided to delete his video and contact
J redhead privately apologizing
and offering to chat to settle their
differences but he told him to [ __ ]
off and told him that he would leave YouTube
because of him since he ruined the pa Yes yes
super dramatic eh super dramatic and he
stayed with that For life eh Pina for
him more of a crybaby impossible at the end of
this fight he kept his promise Well after
a few months he left the site something that
Auron noticed seemed very stupid to him and he
criticized him again making a second
video to insult him and tell him everything
accusing him of sending his followers to
throw hate at him he called him a coward he
pointed out that several  Magazines called
their songs garbage and Javi said what
happened with the TV show where you
were playing the bad guy Well look, they
actually uploaded the first one I
did They uploaded it Last week it
suddenly appeared here on YouTube and they
had uploaded the entire program, the
interview and everything eh Well, they called me
just for one They called me Just to see
that's not something you can do all
week because I understand that they would
recognize you no but they called me just for just
one to record it on
Tuesday before leaving for Thailand I think
I was going to Thailand eh I was leaving for Thailand on
a Saturday no if I'm not mistaken
well on Tuesday to record it on Tuesday and
between two things added up I
had to tell him I couldn't because
two things added up eh one was that one was that I
was at my limit I was crazy
those weeks do you remember not before
going to Thailand eh of preparations and
things okay crazy crazy with everything I
wanted to leave but that seemed very
Hardcore to me also the joke seemed very
Hardcore to me and I say [ __ ] they're going to hit me They're
going to hit me, [ __ ]  Give me another role you know
if I would have liked it a lot a lot
a lot You know I would have
tried to get the ball out somehow apart from that I
think I already had another commitment
Also that day with something but right They
called me right Yeah the
truth is it made me happy because I say go on
Look they keep counting on me that the
truth is they want it or not that is an
extra job Okay and But on the other
hand it is that it caught me right at a
really bad time and I also joined in So they didn't
end up calling me the role it was very
Hardcore it was very Hardcore he will surely
fail in his musical career because if he ca
n't handle criticism from a
Random on the internet he will be even less able to
handle being seen in a
concert You think you are ready
to get up on stage in front of
500 people are you ready I would say
no because probably the day you
do a concert if you have already
done it I don't know the truth is that I don't
give a [ __ ] if you have done it or not
but the day you do a concert there will
probably be a group of people
that if they don't like it they will abhor you and yell at you
eh what a [ __ ] Ah Give me back the money
are you ready for that because  you have
shown that for a group of people
for four [ __ ] like me you are going to
leave Youtube
again J Pili rojos got
offended and made a tweet saying that his
videos make him really angry and that
if he met him in real life he
would hit him, he would slap him with his
open hand every time he opened his mouth and
so on in a loop because of this auron Play
talked about him again live and how did he continue
insulting him J redhead if you are watching
this I want you to know that you get my
balls off you are a [ __ ] [ __ ] you
are selfish I really dislike you
because it is very serious because the truth
is that I criticize many people Yes but
I do not have any personal problems with
them In fact I have been, I don't know, I have
criticized people and then I have
no problem talking to them but
but JP rojo is a [ __ ] I
really dislike you and I doubt that having a drink
with you would make this
upset go away how fun was the
old YouTube era when streamers
weren't fake and they insulted each other to each other
in the end this Pa got nowhere  but
still people were quite entertained
with his conflict because since it was 2013
nobody had seen anything like that on the internet
now it's the Yes yes it didn't matter eh the
daily bread anyway a few months after
leaving YouTube J red hair
realized that he couldn't live off anything other than
YouTube, grabbing the
shovel is a bit complicated for him it
seems and he came back as if nothing was wrong publishing
blogs about stories from his life or giving
various opinions he did well for
several years but some of the things he
said on his channel were seen as very
controversial and he was fired several times for
example once he said that he never finished
high school because he dropped out of school
to follow his dreams of being a rapper but
during that time he also became
a criminal who stole, painted
graffiti and committed more serious crimes
that he didn't give
details about Yes he was a criminal as a
minor, I committed quite a few crimes like
painting graffiti, stealing or even other
bigger ones that I prefer not to
go into since I'm not at
all proud of having committed them
damn he was a
criminal and well his followers did not
like to hear that their
favorite youtuber was a criminal  and several
insulted them in the comments to the point
that he had to delete that video where he
told said story however
damn what moves no that was not known
no and why does he tell it What need to
be so sincere no also I tell you no
esce that he did not learn from this
incident and he told in another blog how in
elementary school he repeatedly hit a
boy who bullied him to the point
where he broke his hand of course he tells it
the way he tells it because he has
normalized it I understand why he sees it as
something normal in life not so much hitting him
and then he continued hitting him with
his knee something that I do not know if it is real
but the truth is that he justified himself
by saying that he was fed up with you
bothering them so much and that is why he reacted in
such a way I remember in school
for example eh Well I always put up with
all the bullying they did to me until
one boy in particular eh well it went too far I could
not take it anymore and I broke this
bone the only bone that I have broken in
his face eh I started hitting him and hitting him and hitting him
and when this bone
broke I grabbed his head and  I continued hitting him
with my knee this obviously wasn't
right it was a very aggressive moment
on my part very violent but it was my
reaction having been
continuously and constantly turning my cheek the
whole time every time someone
attacked me for some it was okay that he
defended himself from his bullying but
most people thought it was something his
if it was bullying yes it was Bullying and it was a
guy who was bullying him bullying bullying bullying bullying bullying
bullying and no I see I see it as good that at
a
given moment the victim explodes and hits him with a
punch I mean not that it's not that he
kills him obviously or that he
breaks
eh I don't know a leg no but but that he
hits him a few times Well maybe he'll
think about not only
not bullying him but also about not
bullying other people Okay
and also that people who see that
kid who has defended himself will
think about it when it comes to messing
with him again extremely exaggerated and made it
clear that J Pili Rojo has serious
anger problems something that we can
confirm  which is true because he would
get into even more controversies with
youtubers in the future because of that
problem
although j pel rojo oliva well on
YouTube continued to get into controversies that
little by little were destroying his
reputation another video for which he was
criticized a funo called dear
fat people where in summary he says that all
fat people get offended easily they get
angry for the mere fact of pointing out their
problems they harass you for making jokes
about them and that it is not socially
accepted to tell others that they are
obese or that they should stop eating and
however regarding the
opposite extreme I think I had never taken a
position publicly But today I
take a position obesity is not
good either yes I take a position but then you are
a coward dude I mean because what have you said
here that is bad and this is how it is not good
however it is wrong Or at least
society frowns on you telling someone it is
not right that you are so fat if I
factor factor but of course Ah now
people turn on him the
program is thrown at him he shits himself and deletes the video
The girl  I told her Don't do that it's not
right it's not good for you it would all go up in
smoke to start with she would be like are you
judging me You're calling me
fat and of course she would get offended and
most likely the people
around me eh would get
offended too Even though her intention was to
point out a problem in society without
offending anyone it's also true that she
expressed herself as an [ __ ] and caused many
people to throw hate at her Besides the fact that in the
same video she says stupid things like
muscular men are more
discriminated against than fat people because everyone
relates that muscle is equal to
being stupid or some smoke Like that nothing
but if you get up At 6 in the morning
to go out for a run or the same example as
before You stay until 12 at
night But this time at the gym what
's going on you are a killer you are a
vigorexic it
can't be good that you train so much
that you look great that there's no need to
beat yourself up like that
suddenly everyone has something to say to you
but Hey if you get up your ass off on your
couch to watch TV nobody says anything to you
everything  correct and Seriously I'm not talking about
appearance anymore I'm talking about health but do you
realize if we see a guy with
muscles the first thing we think is that he
probably hasn't read a book in his
life so much muscle so little
brain another old video that also
caused him problems is one where he
started bothering people on the subway
while he was dressed as a clown and the
truth is that it seems like one of the most
uncomfortable scenes wow man Osa man What a thing eh
What a thing since literally nobody
says anything or pays attention to him while he
speaks out loud trying to get as much
attention as possible
I haven't seen that I haven't seen that it's
quite
sad ladies and gentlemen welcome to the
famous poetry festival of the
red noses of the Madrid subway I am an
acting student and I will be your
host During this short journey
I hope no one is bothered Well it's
about poetry a pinch of culture
however if anyone is bothered
please say super califragilistic
espialidoso three times in a row and the other way
around nobody Alright then let's
begin And if you thought I didn't receive
I thought I would receive nothing  it was going to be more cringe
than what the pppa thing was today you [ __ ] man
saw the climber saw the
climber thing you have one thing man you have no
shame you have no truth establish you are
an [ __ ] with this and with the way things are
with women I could get you into
trouble I don't want to ruin
Javi oliveira's life I don't want to ruin
biogen biogen Hey but we
could watch this now I'm watching
here more excerpt good we'll see it saw
enough humiliation with this I
tell you That people also made fun of
J Pili rojo when several
old commercials resurfaced in which look at tel
pisa you see everything the rojos dissipated and
even mangel me Juan laughed at him
live pointing out that his career on
YouTube was a total case and that he wanted to
be number one but that today
nobody remembers him J pelip Pizza I am a
soccer player for a Madrid team and this
is who thinks that at night You have to
sleep and We finally agree so that you
never argue again telepizza
come on because I was at his house once
and he brought pizza  and it was like watching
the ad in person of course seeing the Three
Wise Men in person on a
red terrace This was many years ago not when I was
having things in life When I
wanted to be the first and I wasn't I arrived I'm
sorry but can you imagine a world
where jot p red was the first it was
est is being incredible you imagine
j pel rojo with 30 million
subscribers he was for a while he
was for a while J pelir rojo was
eh J pelir rojo was like
the like e like the Spanish YouTube icon
The representative of YouTube
Spain yes yes there you have it damn tel pisa
and all the brands like that warten
was also everything that red it will be crazy it will be the
best but look at you they don't like you
eh Look Angel eh Not only did a lot of
people throw [ __ ] at him J pel rojo
for these controversial videos but
also the quality of his content
decreased over time Well
in 2015 he changed his content to
focus on blogs with his friends to whom
this Really this I fall like a
kick in the [ __ ] [ __ ] Really this
Cape that I  he released a TD is some sopl
poolz which went very badly because they were not
funny at all, the edition was bad and
the camera he used was terrible
so his visits decreased even more,
it was during this time of decline that he
fought with who was his best friend and
another well-known youtuber at the
time named rus Smith
Almost nothing was known about his conflict since
it happened behind the scenes but
a rap that J Pili Rojo dedicated to him was made public
to insult him calling him false
Looking for fames house partners who only
followed him for the money and even told him
that he was a
racist you You never thought of me
we talk about friendship and you talk about
money I could be wrong But at least
I'm sincere I don't go lying to anyone or
flattering anyone or smiling at who I C
to be able to take advantage of you caz Partner that
you are a cazapartner always the best
friend of the one who walks ahead You
snuck into our lives you took what you
wanted then you leave and put us together with
lies what lessons are you going to give you
false racist putting horns on as soon as
you are out of
sight  for his part putting horns on
you as soon as you lose r responded by
recording a V where he tells his side of the
story saying that they used to live
together but due to certain attitudes of
J pilio rojo Rouge decided to move And
instead of reflecting and understanding his
decision he let himself be controlled by his
problems until what times of dramas No
what times of dramas those of the
best youtubers eh what sauce of anger he saw that
this action was like a betrayal and he got
angry to the point of insulting him and making
that rap that I mentioned before and as much as
his friend wanted to talk to him to
fix things, he decided to
ignore him and continue attacking him on the networks
probably in a pathetic attempt to
destroy his career while we lived
together I didn't fully agree or
almost let's see Christopher where
uncle good tweets good tweets eh good
tweets neurof funker But where did you
send me that Ah previously I don't
regret anything in my life you understand
I don't regret anything in my life
all the things I did I did for a
reason I didn't do them as a bad kid I did them  of a
good kid I don't have a dark past like
me Cabrera Cabrera is a little
devil idiot a kid who groped a drunk
underage girl who we all
know is underage groped a
drunk girl celebrating and comes out to say
that he raises awareness people well gives you a
good message How do you
three sons of [ __ ] not fall How do you not
fall How do you not fall
to [ __ ] me He said I like to [ __ ]
drunk God of life is but no It was that
the f****** guy no It was that the f****** neurof funker
he was There was another one it was he was he had
a TV Cosco in the room and he
was like showing on the TV the
video of the video of and Cabrera touching
a
drunk girl I don't agree with many of
the attitudes that the one who at that
time was my best friend had and in the face of the
dichotomy in the face of the staging
the staging eh the background
all pretty and such here he puts the
Play remote so nicely placed in the
corner you know and the contradiction of the
friend who loves him and who doesn't know  how to
act because I didn't know how to talk to him at the
time That they touched on the things that
bothered me leaving there was interpreted
as disloyalty and as you all know
his reaction was to insult me
disproportionately and in a
totally repulsive way on
social networks in the end the majority of the
community sided with him calling
jot redhead toxic and throwing hate at him
for mistreating his friends his
reputation was deteriorating I have it I
have it viral Army viral Army
viral Army viral Arm viral Arm viral Arm
four people five people six
people s or viral viral viral viral
cate two ropes with a bunch of
[ __ ] that I have no idea but I know you
copied me you copy me Arm
only one and it's this papu is this
papu is
this to see what things I do and what not
this Seriously what are you going to come out and say since it
wasn't a social experiment in which
we saw how a drunk girl
defends herself when someone wants to
put her hand on her you'll probably say it like that
I anticipate the play it's a disaster
buah no and every private thing that came out
about him painted him as a
horrible person and to make matters worse he
continued to get into more controversies and his
image was destroyed
forever as a result of all these problems
and criticisms that were coming to him J pil
rojo had the typical anxiety attack
that youtubers get when they are
funned and left the networks to take a
break and when he returned he did it in the
worst possible way in 2019 he returned to
YouTube and the first thing he did was make
another song insulting various
content creators such as auron Play or
Dallas to everyone who moved to
Andorra and in general to anyone who
has criticized him in the
past you criticize everyone who is
different you like to laugh at other
people call prostitutes and laugh at
them when your channel grows nobody will
remember him here the school bully
can become King like that millions my friend
auron Play do not occupy if you are new just be
controversial and the money will come
Look for the gossip and you will see how much you win gossip
more to earn more like you cut open a
patreon to pay  your vices for the
children that is to pay the lawsuits you
get with your salary of 10,000 a month
earn more money messing with your
ex was tremendous eh That's where the
debate arose from that's where the debate was born man this
video was made with the clear intention
of creating gossip and getting some
attention because his channel was already dead
but he gave us gossip he gave us
gossip it backfired
because he received so much hate that he had to
delete it tremendous coward anyway he tried to take
advantage of everything he deleted it and I got this
man This was exclusive to me This was
exclusive to me kid his little moment
of fame announcing the creation of a
motivational coaching course to
teach people how to be happy Yeah yeah just
like you hear it out of nowhere he
decided to sell courses with
crappy advice and as you already know these kinds of
courses made by influencers always
have information taken from Google and
have an exaggerated price and what
J pel rojo did is no exception this
garbage scam that is quite typical on the
internet had different courses
that are really all the same and  if you
wanted to pay for the whole thing it would
cost you and it says everything in orange the
amount of
3400 how did she justify such a
price you might be wondering well in a
video she said that the idea of dedicating her
entire life to studying and work
seemed boring to her so she started to
investigate a way to enjoy her
time more she achieved a lot of goals and
learned many useful things which
her course let's see but the cat actually it's
not that she stole that because the
cat
actually she did give me credit I mean
besides I remember that she spoke to me
and the video is that she deleted it
not the video that she deleted Oh no look she's made it
public again
what's coming today is quite juicy
so for her she actually did give me
credit what didn't give me credit was the
rest of the people I mean people
echoed the video of The
cat I uncover eh And other youtubers
have made videos about it like Javi
oliveira J redhead it's not a case that
I'm going to uncover eh And other
youtubers have made videos about it
like Javi  oliveira but she she
says it she says it's not a case that she's going to
uncover okay And then the rest of
the world who suddenly talked about the
subject did so giving credit to the cat
but that's not her fault anymore She
called me even before making the video Javi
I'm going to take from your video I don't know what and
Oh well she spent
several minutes talking about the
contents of her course in the
most vague and generic way possible but Hey it's
to learn to be happy that they don't
teach you that in school pay me
3000 and suddenly I realized something and that
is that everything I had learned
could somehow be
easily structured and taught to other
people and I didn't understand how after so
much time so many humans living
here we don't teach such basic and
important things in high school how
is it possible that they prepare us to
work for other companies they didn't give you
credit in the Wild Project but in
The Wild Project that's true no what she
said that the J Play red told her to
take it off no let's see cat
from Well let's  I talked about another video of yours
that got
a lot of hype, which was the one you made
for JP JP
red pay attention, look, in that video I
was analyzing and criticizing some kind of
Master's courses or whatever it was called,
motivational coaching, happiness. Well,
if all this is well related,
then you explain it
better, so let's explain the subject a little bit, including
the ways of not forcing the audience
to acquire this and all this, all this
mess. Better yet, a person, well, very
emblematic of YouTube Spain, than maybe
some who, it's true that he was one of the
greatest at the beginning and has been
evaporating until he is now more of an
esoteric figure than Real, eh, but I know it's
true, because I've talked to you, you tell me about
occasions, eh, I've never disliked him
because he doesn't see him as a bad person, although I recommend you,
after seeing your video, sincerely, it changed
a lot of things in my opinion about him. At that
moment, although I like him, I've never
liked his stuff, he's always had
everything, fight for your dreams. I think he's
totally cool and I agree, it's a strong message, you
can't deny that it's a
nice message, but I've never liked that, but
yes I thought I had him as a good
person a guy who makes history with no one and we
had spoken very well ino he
gave me his book and such or a record I don't
remember t youtube no what we all do
and well we both receive the two So
the video that passed the tis what happened
is hidden what happened my brother
how is that because he asked me because I
was talking to him just now It was
a month and a half two months ago and well
how did it happen How did it start of course well
things that PR know that I have been
in the WhatsApp group with Rojo and that
then he made us like a spy of Sky
collective or something like that and that this is what happened
happened such a thing happened he tried to
convince us that we should spend more than 4000 in
which supposedly he was going to do let's
achieve all our dreams sorry sorry
sorry Jordi saying that he hates
gossip and talks about the subject but well I've
already said that myself many
times I already have videos talking about the subject
of Jordi Jordi a gossip channel Oh
look here is this interviewing the
cat on the subject of JP red and then the
interview on the subject of these
Wait Wait Wait the
explanation of The cat on how
the subject started in so they speak to you
privately and they say Hey, just so you know, of
course Well, I found out about the typical
things that you find out, they speak to you
privately and they say Hey, just so you know, Ah, the
typical thing that you find out I have some
conversations with you Roco where you
told me that you found out from my video
I have been one of those who has been in
the WhatsApp group with j Play red and
then he made us like a kind
of collective Skype or something like that and that this
is what happened something happened such that he
tried to convince us to pay for a
4000 Master's in which he is supposedly
going to make us achieve all
our dreams he has been getting involved or
even insulting people who said that they
could not pay it or that they did not want to
pay it that it seemed very high
based on those stories that he was telling I
went to see what had happened I saw
J's videos about it And then I
investigated and I say my goodness  This seems
pretty heavy to me it seems like a
very ugly Gema stay in the face your followers have
done it this way and I think it
deserves taking advantage of not the year of the
coaches and all this Fever of I'm going for
it I know that I am not red it is a it is
a very collective idea not lately Eh
then I'm going to make a video and I'm going to
explain why I think that the sagema that has
used how ugly these things man
really is that the cat has already done this She has
done it several times with
this she did it man Look in her video she
does it well eh in her video she does it well
but here this does not match the
conversations that she had with me I
have it I would have to review eh I don't know if it
was by WhatsApp by md or I don't know
where I think it was by WhatsApp because
I had her on WhatsApp but she
told me host Javi seen this and also I
remember perfectly I remember
perfectly that she was
traveling and she told me It's that I have to travel
but when I get back from my trip I'm going to make
a video of this I don't know what that you say
that you found out come on no  I know that
maybe he has some followers
who were in the wase group and also
contacted her but I would swear that no, that what he
is saying there in
Jordin's show is not true, that is very much like La
gata de rodinger, I mean, he entered YouTube with that foot
and it is very much like that eh but they do not
teach us to be happy how is it
possible that they do not teach us how
our physical state influences our mental state, how
is it possible that they do not let us know that
there are a ton of alternatives and
different ways to live life
anyway, he said many nice words
but people did not like his idea and
thousands of people called him a
scammer for wanting to charge them so much,
also several youtubers criticized him
for this product including Dallas
review, a guy with whom he ended up fighting
and debating live and even though the
live broadcast lasted 3 hours, they did not
say anything of substance and it could be
summarized as d spent his time asking him
questions and yelling while J pel
rojo makes random sounds like a [ __ ]
to make him
angry, when is that more I publish
all the evidence and  each one of them
you know the exact figure of what I earned on
youtuber wings zero blah blah blah zero
you know why zero blah blah blah blah
the balls [ __ ] the balls zero
you know why at the moment we talked about
that and you said that surely Jordi
told him not to mention you Javi I still
remember m that I said is dying I don't
know how many years ago but m let's see I don't know
man if he told him before Claro if he
told him before recording the podcast he did
n't tell him about but I don't know
the truth if before recording the podcast he
told him Hey this one you mention in the
video don't mention him no I don't know but
if it's a spontaneous question within the
podcast then it's her thing to me I don't know
the truth seeing that she's done it more than
once I would say that it's her thing
although it would also make sense But
come on I don't think Jordi has
a thing with me either I don't know the truth I don't
know the truth that starting to see me all
this Case of [ __ ] publicly YouTube
demonetized my entire channel entire
my and meanwhile How much did you earn from
tub How much  you earned from your book
Meanwhile How much did you earn from your book
Meanwhile as if a book
earned the same as YouTube I mean
trust Dallas how far they managed to
get I mean they took away the
monetization of the YouTube channel and it
cost him his life to get it back
I knew it at the time
eh but from the book a book a book that
can give you a book a book that suits you a book that
suits you a book that suits you what you can
get out of it that you
earn 6 7000 euros for the book I don't know
how much Dallas will have earned for each
book okay But for him to have earned
between 5 and 10,000 surely more going
for the five than the 10 If man
depends on the book already touch your balls
But hey can you ban Don Ramn because the
truth is Don Ramn you've been
talking all [ __ ] night about the video on the
main Channel and we're in the salseria
man Don Ramn and you've been talking all [ __ ]
night about me looking at the
comments on the video on the
main Channel he's already out man it's that  you can't
be like this really we're here
talking about this dude you're making me
nervous because I'm looking at you out of the corner of my eye
28 times Post the same message every 5
seconds but you've been doing it all night I say
I'm going to ignore it I'm going to ignore it let's see if he gets
tired it was during the first
round of the night that he watched the
h videos dude If you don't agree with
something in the video then comment on that
video if you're a Taylor fan s he won't
like something I said in
the video Okay then go to the video
comment there leave your comments but
you come here I demanded that I look at
the comments box and now we
mention Jordi W are you saying
you did like Jordi Wild look and you've
posted it 30 times I think when you've
posted 15 okay clown the new deo of
other people's lives deo of my life
and what I leave and leave
d Oy how disgusting it gave me here J
redhead eh how absurd dude no [ __ ]
idea what I've been through and what I've
stopped going through
imil what  it was absurd yes they
went on like that for hours until d got fed
up and hung up on him and even though they
were no longer on the call I continued insulting him
for 20 minutes straight and as a
curious fact I tell you that this is where the
Meme of how disgusting you are literally came from
jot pilir rojo's greatest contribution to the
world is a meme where they insult him that is
n't even his it's from Dallas because
er is the one who has come here the most to laugh act
respectful when you are a [ __ ]
ignorant piece of [ __ ] it's normal that he
got a piss when giving that man you
know what it is in December when they
take away your YouTube monetization and
one day goes and another day and another day on top of
which you are falling cloth that then
people say what what and you dedicate yourself to talking
about me, my work or what I need
or stop needing,
idiot how disgusting you are Ugh how disgusting
this pig is eh how disgusting this
[ __ ] pig is zero empathy no the next thing
to zero empathy it is repulsive eh it is
repulsive  someone come here and
tell me what I stop charging
when they have taken a lot of
money from me for fake [ __ ] eh disgusting
[ __ ] pig
in short JP And there are still fools
today being an [ __ ] I beg he
spends his time psychologically manipulating the
viewer So that they feel that their life
is empty and meaningless and promise that he
has the cure for all those problems I
doubt that by watching videos you will suddenly
have your life sorted for me the only one who
would make the course happy is j p
red who would earn some riches I would
come someone to pay yes there were no
groups there were no groups no 3000 with each
purchase anyway people didn't believe
anything he said he realized that
all the content was senseless nonsense
and they called him out for trying to scam
his followers despite
all the criticism he continued with his plan
and invited a fairly large number of
Followers chosen at random to a
WhatsApp chat where they would supposedly begin
this journey to become the best
version of himself according to his words
however he also made this
group of fans angry because  He told them that they
had to pay him at least 9900 to receive
his teachings. And if they don't have the
money, it means that they really aren't
interested in improving as people. He didn't
even treat the few
fools who listened to him well. You have to
be an idiot. It's not surprising
that this plan was a resounding failure,
but even so, J redhead justified his
actions by saying that his course can't
be a scam because he accepts
refunds. I insist that the word he has
used the most has been scammer, it has been con man.
But I want to make it very clear that
none of the people who are taking the course have asked me for their
money back, and if they did,
of course, their money would be returned
instantly, so it can't be a
scam if at all times you are
giving them the opportunity to recover their
money, even after
completing the entire course.
In this controversy, it is a scam,
eh, colloquially speaking, I understand
money is what we have talked about on many
occasions, but once having completed
the entire course in, Hey, but this is a
cameo. Look, this is a cameo, this
controversy was the final nail in his
coffin as of 2020 was
completely forgotten
thus becoming a relic of the
past a youtuber who could have taken
advantage of his fame to achieve more but
his immature attitudes
ended up sinking him into
misery in recent years Well
the truth is that nobody cared about the
existence of J redhead The only
relevant thing he did was lose very
funny according to him oh how pathetic he was
eh how pathetic eh what a little thing eh record
a video where he sings meaningless things
post that people used to make fun
of him more Until the joke stopped being
funny and again everyone
forgot about J
[Music]
redhead What he did get well in
body eh in body he got in shape
Flame
Why man also if we enter his
channel we will notice that he deletes absolutely
all his videos except for those that
are about music And as you can see he hasn't
uploaded anything for almost a year and you
have to scroll back to his
2017 posts to find one
with a few decent views and
as for his  secondary channels we have
denua Pro whose last video is from 2022 and I'm
going for it where his most
recent post is from last year and it
only has 8000 views So you could
say that he abandoned the page
completely from what I've been seeing now he is
dedicated to giving skydiving classes I do
n't know if he is doing well or badly Only that he
left YouTube to work on that
Maybe he will never come back he was the first yado it
's true Yoli it's true he was the first
yado the redhead J God the one that the one that
I don't remember how I found out about
the courses I know that I got it but I don't
remember where I got it from And
why than
[Music]